TODO[after deciding on year and getting starting page number from jair]- Prior to publication donÅft forget to update your special header on page 1 and copyright on 
the bottom of the page.

DONE- The first line of the authorsÅf location continues too far to the right. Consider separating it 
into two lines. Also, although not required we recommend you include more information in 
the authorsÅf location (such as city, state or province, country).

DONE- Your title header has a spelling typo. You have ÅgCOST-OOPTIMALÅh

DONE- When referencing page numbers within a citation there should be a space between the 
period and the page number. So, for example, on page 6 you have Åg(Hart et al., 1968, p.102...Åh
and it should be Åg(Hart et al., 1968, p. 102...Åh [This occurs several times on page 6.]

DONE - When referencing two citations next to each other they should be in the same paragraph and
separated by a semi-colon. So on page 6 it should be Åg(Hart et al., 1968, p.102 Step 2; Nilsson, 
1971, p. 69).Åh

TODO- Please avoid using a citation as a noun, as you do twice on page 6. For example, you 
write "...in (Burns et al., 2012)..." This should be restated, for instance, as "...in the work of 
Burns et al. (2012)..."

TODO- I notice that some of your footnotes are websites. In most cases websites should be referenced 
the same way as other citations -- cited within the body of the paper and and in the reference 
section.

TODO- Figure 5.1 looks like it extends slightly into the right margin. Please correct if it does.

TODO- On pages 28 and 29 some of your lines extend into the right margin. Please correct.

DONE - The ÅggÅh in ÅggoÅh in heading 8.1.1 and 8.2 needs to be capitalized as you did in heading 8.1.

DONE - On page 25 you need a space in-between the period and the word ÅgHoffmannÅh in 
Åg2001).Hoffmann (2005, 2011)...Åh

DONE- When possible, avoid starting a section with a subsection (as you do in Appendix A).

DONE - The ÅgFÅh in ÅgFinalÅh in the heading for section A.5 (on page 47) should not be capitalized. 
While some hyphenated words need the first letter in the word after the hyphen capitalized, in 
this case it shouldnÅft be capitalized because itÅfs a word that only exists as a hyphenated word. 
The prefix ÅgnonÅh is not considered a word by itself in most dictionaries.
