The authors argue that commonly used tie-breaking strategies in A*
search do not help with navigating plateaus (connected sets of nodes
whose f-values are the same), in particular the final plateau of nodes
whose f-value equals the optimal path cost. They propose alternative
tie-breaking strategies, based on diversification of depth and the use
of a secondary heuristic (not necessarily admissible), respectively.

I think the author's arguments are mainly sound, and supported by
fairly solid experimental evidence. It can be accepted, subject to
minor corrections.

Flaws.

1) There are a large number of colourful scatterplots in the paper, most
of which would probably be better presented in a different form. For
example, the data in Figure 1.1 is essentially 1-dimensional: what we
are interested in is the distribution or frequency of ratios between
the size of the final plateau and the search space; a histogram or a
cumulative distribution would show this more clearly. Whether colour-
coding it for domains is useful is questionable; there's only a few
points that can be distinguished well enough to identify what domain
they belong to (and even those do not tell the full story, since there
is no way to see where other instances from the same domain fall).

The data in Figures in 4.1, 4.2, 5.2 and 7.1 would similarly benefit
from a more thought-through visual presentation.

2) The description in the early part of the paper (Sections 1, 3, 4, 5)
somewhat convey the false impression that there has been no previous
recognition of the challenge that plateaus can create for A* search,
in particular in the presence of zero cost transitions, or attempts to
address it. There are a number of relevant related works, for example,
those by Benton et al., and Cushing et al., which are cited somewhere
in the paper, but do not appear anywhere in the initial discussion nor
in the related works section. (The SoCS 2011 paper "Cost-Based
Heuristic Search Is Sensitive to the Ratio of Operator Costs", by
Christopher Wilt and Wheeler Ruml, may also be relevant.) This should
be rectified; the previous state of knowledge should be clearly
established early in the paper.

3) This applies also to the summary of the authors earlier conference
paper. Rather than the "note" at the end of the introduction (which I
assume the authors intend to remove from the published version of the
paper), the summary of that paper, and the novel contributions this
article makes over it, should be integrated in the presentation.

4) The argument in the last paragraph before Section 5.1 and the second
paragraph of Section 5.1 do not make sense. First, the authors say
they selected subsets of instances of some domains in order to avoid
skewing the results by uneven instance set sizes; but then, these
domains are excluded from the following analysis.

5) Furthermore in Section 5.1, why is the comparison done using the
[f,h,fifo] strategy, given that the experiment in Section 4 showed
tie-breaking using "lifo" to be much more efficient?

6) In Section 6.2, the authors argue that pruning methods such as
symmetry or partial order reduction are somehow equivalent to
tie-breaking. This is not accurate. Although a bias towards some
states may be created by the presence of, for example, symmetries, as
the authors argue, pruning the symmetric states does _more_ than just
"remove the bias". If the states in question have f-values that are
less than the cost of the optimal solution, no form of tie-breaking
will prevent A* from expanding all of them, but symmetry pruning will.

7) In Section 7, Table 7.1 shows that there is little consistency in the
results, particularly on the benchmark set in which only a few domains
have zero cost actions. Table 7.2 shows that this is the case even on
the Zerocost problem set, when considerd by domain. This is worth more
emphasis in the discussion. While the experiment shows that
depth-based tie-breaking *can* be advantageous, it is by no means
always the case.

8) I'm somewhat sceptical about the value of these figures. They show
only examples of what can happen on isolated instances. Although such
deep-dives may be useful to explain what is happening in different
cases (particularly given the variance in the results), the volume and
unclear selection of the examples make them less informative. (For
instance, it is not clear which of the examples are showing the
failure of depth-based tie-breaking compared to default tie-breaking
strategies.)

minor comments

Section 7.1, third paragraph: Typo: "Figures 7.2 - 7.4" should be "7.2
- 7.6".

