Overall assessment:
==================

The topic of the paper is tie breaking strategies in A* search. The
paper covers previous work rather well and further contributes by
adding its new diversify-depth strategy. The paper has a very large
set of experiments comparing many variants of its new strategy to
other variants and discusses the pros and cons in a rather satisfying
way. It is generally correct and rather easy to follow (exceptions
below).

All in all, the diversify-depth strategy is in fact the only really
new technical contribution of this paper which by itself is not very
deep or very complicated; this is not necessarily a negative comment.
But, is this paper significant enough to warrant a publication in a
top-tier journal such as JAIR?

After some thoughts I tend to answer - yes it does. As pointed by the
authors tie braking is usually treated as not-very-important and many
authors just overlook their tie-breaking rules. Therefore, having this
paper in the literature will increase the attention researchers give
to tie-breaking. So, my vote is to accept this paper.

I do have a number of comments that I think the authors should address
before the final version. I do not think that another round of reviews
would be needed as I trust that the authors will do a good job their
revision. In JAIR's terminology I would not vote for a revise and
resubmit but rather for accept with revisions.

Here are a number of general comments:

A) Length and structure. The paper is very long; 53 pages. For the
sake of the public, I strongly recommend that the paper should be
shortened. There are many places where rather simple (even trivial)
issues are deeply discussed and they can be significantly shortened.
I'll substantiate this below.

B) There is a a very large set of experimental results in this paper.
I think that the authors will increase the readability of their paper
if they drop some of their tables and move others to an appendix. In
fact, in many cases you deeply discuss a rather simple issue and then
give a few pages of experiments and all this can be significantly
shortened and the experimental results can be omitted without losing
any critical issue of this paper.

To summarize, try to shorten the paper focus on the new/non-simple
issues only in order to reduce its length.

C) On the other hand, some issues need better clarification as I list
below.

All the comments below are instantiations of one of these general
comments.

1) The definition of plateau can be improved. The formal definition of
a plateau should include a plateau with respect to some cost
functions. So, you have a plateau with respect to f, plateau(f), a
plateau with respect both g and h, plateau(g,h) etc. This should be
defined at the beginning and this terminology should be later used all
over. Currently, you are not fully formal and consistent on this. As
you say on page 18. a plateau is related to a sorting strategy. Define
this in the beginning. In fact you write the following sentence which
is in fact a definition: "Having the same key values means that n and
m are on the same plateau". Move this to be a definition in one of the
first sections.

2) page 18: "In order to diversify the expansion... " --> This
paragraph is very hard to understand but it is a very important
paragraph as it gives the pseudo code for your new technique. Please
rewrite it. What is Dc? Is this a counter? Is there one Dc or one for
each depth? Please clarify. Maybe even give an example.

page 20: "round-robin sampling from the available depth buckets as
described above." --> This is a key sentence that might help
understanding what exactly is the diversifying method. I think you
mean you that do a round robin from the deepest available depth to the
shallowest available depth. You must clarify this.

3) (C) page 22: Table 7.5. It will be very interesting to see what
happens if you factor away the constant time per node. Just compare
the number of nodes expanded for a set of instances that can be solved
by all methods (as you did in the 4.1-4.5 tables). This will tell you
if indeed this is the reason for the negative behavior. This is a
rather major comment. You do not always have to use the 30 minutes
limit in your experiments.

4) Section 5: Zerocost domains. I buy all your arguments on zero cost
domains. You spend too much effort to validate them. I suggest to
shorten this entire section and the related tables. All your claims
seem reasonable and you do not have to necessarily show all the
numbers. The claims about FIFO in infinite graphs (section 5.3) is
trivial. You can shorten it or even delete it.

5) Section 6.1 is trivial. It is easy to see that different "depth"
values only occur in zero domains. I would shorten it or even omit it.

6) Section 7.1: this section repeats what you said above and I was
convinced when you said it. You can just report that you observed this
in your experiments and I do not need to see all the exact results.
Consider to omit these experiments and just mention that you have
results that support this trend.

7) The beginning of Section 8 is also rather trivial. This is the main
rational behind IDA* as you say in the end. I would significantly
shorten it but it should get a subsection index if it stays. It is not
an introduction to your later section 8.1 which I find quite
interesting and more deep and should certainly be kept.

Other minor comments:

page 4: "g(n) is the current shortest path cost from the initial node
to the current node." -- should be "current shortest known path"

page 5: "Holte, 2010, note that since f = g+h....) I did not like this
syntax. Give the reference and then give your comment but not in the
same parenthesis.

page 21: "the third, depth-diversification criteria." Calling it the
third is misleading. It is actually the second which comes before the
default criterion.

The first sections are very short. Maybe they can be one large section
with different subsections.

Section 9. Indeed distance-to-go is a term that was used by other and
coined Ruml et al. which should be cited and credited for that. But I
think the correct term should be something like
"number-of-hops-to-go". Distance is ambiguous.
