This work investigates the impact of tie-breaking in cost-optimal
search (like A*), and

i) shows that tie-breaking can significantly impact the performance of
search especially for domains that have 0-cost actions, and ii)
proposes two strategies for better tie-breaking, depth-diversification
and multi-heuristic approach with distance-to-go estimates,
demonstrating noticeable performance improvement. The paper also
argues that 0-cost domains are important in real life scenarios and
develops a benchmark suite of such problems (Zerocost).

Overall, I think this is an interesting work. Understanding of the
impacts of cost plateaus is important in my opinion, and i also agree
with the author that 0-cost domains may be important to model
real-life problems where we care about some resources and not for
others. However, I think the paper needs significant improvement both
in terms of content and presentation to be publishable in JAIR.
Therefore, my recommendation is for a major revision. I would like to
read it again after revision.


Major Comments
--------------

1) Maxim Likhachev's ARA* paper [1] presents an elegant solution to
avoid the final plateau problem for non zero-cost domains. His
algorithm notes the cost of the goal, whenever a new path to goal is
discovered, and concludes the search when the minimum cost of any
state in OPEN becomes greater than or equal to the current goal cost
(f = f*). While this approach is not applicable for 0-cost domains, I
think this merits a discussion and probable inclusion of results in
case of other domains used.

2) While I appreciate the in-depth experimental investigation
presented in this work, i think the amount of data is a bit too much.
For example, 26 plots for number of nodes vs depth is rather
confusing. I like the summarization done for most tables, which points
to the key take-aways. I think the experimental results should be
presented in a more compact fashion, and if needed the detailed
results can be pushed to an appendix (even there, i believe some
compaction will be good). This will also help to reduce the length of
the paper. Currently, it seems too long for the content.

3) While the paper presents experimental results in detail, the theory
and analysis part looks weak in my opinion. Most of the analytical
results are presented in an informal manner. For example, 5.3
discusses the completeness of search strategies on ZeroCost domains. I
would suggest that such results should be presented using formal
statements with proofs. Similarly, the analysis in 6.1 can be more
precise, results in 6.1 can be presented in terms of theorems.

4) In the last paragraph of section 6, it is stated that "more nodes
will tend to have shallower depth than deeper depth" whereas the
analysis in 6.3 assumes a disjoint forest model which i guess
increases the number of nodes with depth. These two assumptions seems
to be in contrast to each other. I think a more formal treatment of
the analysis can allay such confusions for a reader.

5) All the strategies proposed are explained in text only. I think it
will be helpful if the authors include pseudocodes for their
algorithms. In fact, i think it will be helpful if the authors present
a basic A* algorithm with default tie-breaking and build upon that for
their strategies. It will create a nice flow in my opinion, and use of
pseudocode will also remove any chance of mis-interpreting the
strategies.

6) Tied to point 6, i think it would be good to state/prove the
properties of each of these algorithms/strategies, especially
important ones like completeness. The current format leaves a lot of
un-answered questions like does depth-diversification ensure
completeness (for infinite spaces). The answers may be obvious in many
cases, however, i would still prefer if they are explicitly
stated/proved.

7) I like the idea of representing A* as a series of satisficing
search. Here also, i would suggest inclusion of pseudocode. For
example, A* exhausts an f-plateau before moving on to the next one.
While this is expressed in text, highlighting such properties through
pseudocode may improve a reader's understanding. Similar to earlier
cases, here also the authors can start with a basic pseudocode (for A*
as a series of satisficing searches), and present their strategies on
top of that with formal discussion about the properties.

8) I think it will be interesting to find out what is distribution of
goal depth in the final frontier. I believe there will be a strong
correlation between the goal depth and the relative performance of the
strategies (which the authors mention), and it would be good to
analyze this statistically. Similarly, for strategies in section 9, it
would be interesting to find out the correlation between the
performance of different strategies with the accuracy of the
distance-to-go estimates.

9) Finally, I think it would be nice if we have some infinite spaces
in the ZeroCost domains, and understand the impact of different
strategies on them. My hunch is that in many cases people use
fifo/breadth-first exploration to avoid completeness problems, i
believe inclusion of such graphs (or some domains that closely
approximate such behavior) will enhance the analysis.

Minor Comments
--------------

These comments are mostly about the writing style. I think the writing
can be significantly improved, however, English is not my native
language, so my suggestions may not be correct in cases.

1) I think the abstract needs to be re-written to precisely state the
contribution. In particular i would suggest changing the sentences
after "With this in mind, ..". Somehow it seems that the depth
diversification is the second strategy, which is not the case. Also,
"We proposes" -> "We propose".

2) page 27, claim 1 "A Last-In-First-Out ..". Is this a general claim,
or is it tied to the domains you tested on. I think this should be
made clear.

3) Section 2, the 4th paragraph can probably be combined with the
second. Also, may be it would be better if you present exact formal
definitions of the terms.

4) I would suggest that you include some pictorial representation of
your analysis in section 6.3. There are several illustrations of A*
layers in other places that are helpful, some such illustration of
your model would be nice.

5) There are a number of typos and grammar mistakes, please correct
them. For example, "did not modified" -> "did not modify", "new
current parent" -> "current parent", and others.
